# CS-330

1. How do I approach designing software?
- I approach designing software by building a roadmap for the entire thing, taking into consideration what large-medium size deliverables need to be achieved, and then considering what small objectives will satisfy those deliverables. By having an entire roadmap in front of me, I will be better prepared to design complex software. The course aided in this process by breaking the project into milestones. Each milestone covered a unique functional requirement of the program. This made it easier to focus on only one thing at once, and not get caught up trying to work on different aspects of the project. In my future work I will always be sure to go into my programming assignments with an extensive plan laid out. 
2. How do I approach developing programs?
- I approach developing programs by using best practices, applying the most accurate and efficient logic I know, and using accurate syntax, all while following the design plan I have created initially. Iteration was key to succeeding in this project because the program had so many different components, from generating 3D images from 2D primitives, to applying camera controls, to lighting, etc. Each of these needed their own time and effort dedicated solely to them. My process was consistent throughout the project, but I improved on my efficiency especially in iterative testing, by testing very frequently and fixing before moving on.
3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
- While I may not look to pursue a career in computer graphics, the skills in coding and especially the logic or way I approach coding that I improved on in this course will certainly improve my overall computer science skills. I can easily say that I learned/accomplished more in 8 weeks during this course than I have in any other CS course.
